Added section for AWS MachineSet spot instances (#24678)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-non-guaranteed-instance.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/creating-infrastructure-machinesets.adoc ?
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-aws.adoc
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-azure.adoc (4.6)
// * machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-gcp.adoc (4.6)

[id="machineset-non-guaranteed-instance_{context}"]
= MachineSet Spot Instances

> You can save costs by creating an AWS MachineSet that deploys machines as non-guaranteed, Spot Instances. Spot Instances utilize unused AWS EC2 capacity and are less expensive than On-Demand Instances. You can use Spot Instances for workloads that can tolerate interruptions, such as containerized and test and development workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can save costs by creating an AWS MachineSet that deploys machines as non-guaranteed, Spot Instances. Spot Instances utilize unused AWS EC2 capacity and are less expensive than On-Demand Instances. You can use Spot Instances for workloads that can tolerate interruptions, such as batch or stateless, horizontally scalable workloads.
```

> You can create an AWS MachineSet that deploys machines as non-guaranteed, spot instances to save costs compared to on-demand instance prices. A machine is paired 1:1 with an instance on AWS. The MachineSet ensures the correct number of machines are created. If AWS does not have capacity, the Machine Health Checker (MHC) can remove the machine. The MHC also remediates a machine that fails if a request for a spot instance is not satisfied when a machine is created. AWS does not replace a spot instance when the instance is terminated.

Reviewer: > A machine is paired 1:1 with an instance on AWS. The MachineSet ensures the correct number of machines are created.

This is generic to MachineSets and not specific to spot instances so probably doesn't need saying here

I think we should have a brief explanation of what a spot instance is somewhere within the docs, ie, you get cheaper instances with the prerequisite agreement that AWS may terminate the instance at any point with a 2 minute warning (would also be good to explain that Openshift will react to this 2 minute warning by starting to drain the workloads from the affected instances)

[IMPORTANT]
====
It is strongly recommended that control-plane machines are not created on Spot Instances due to the increased likelihood of the instance being terminated. Manual intervention is required to replace a terminated control-plane node.
====

> AWS EC2 can terminate a Spot Instance at any time. AWS gives a two-minute warning to the user when an interruption occurs. The {product-title} begins to remove the workloads from the affected instances when AWS issues this termination notice.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps `this termination notice` could be changed to `the termination notice`? You described the warning and then when stating `this termination notice` directly afterwards, it made me initially think you were talking about the warning you just described. I assume that's not the case, and you're talking about after the two-minute warning expires as the termination period?

Author: Good observation on the wording. I meant for `warning` and `notice` to be synonymous, but I can see how that is confusing as far as the timing of everything. My understanding is that OCP starts to remove the workloads when AWS issues the two-minute warning/notice. I can change `this termination notice` to `the termination warning` to make that more clear.

* Add the following fields under the `providerSpec` field in the MachineSet YAML file:
+
[source,yaml]
----
providerSpec:
  value:
    spotMarketOptions: {}

> ----

Reviewer: Should we add a note about the optional `maxPrice` field that can be used to limit the cost of the instance? If we do, we should also note that the default is to be charged up to the on-demand price and that it is strongly recommended not to set an explicit max price
